# GMH Marsh HomeSecure Policy Conditions
**Source:** GMH Marsh HomeSecure Policy Conditions 202207C.pdf
**Policy Reference:** PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01
**Insurer:** Income Insurance Limited
**Jurisdiction:** Singapore
**Extracted:** All 29 pages

---

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 1 of 29 
 
 
 
Things to remember 
 
Definitions 
 
 
 
Policy Conditions 
HomeSecure 
 
 
 
 
This is the HomeSecure home insurance policy and it 
contains details of benefits, conditions and exclusions 
relating to the premises. This policy will form the basis  
on which we will settle all claims. It is only valid if the 
policyholder has paid the appropriate premium in full  
and we have given the policyholder a schedule. Any 
statement, information or declaration the policyholder 
has given, including any declaration made over the 
phone, or by fax, email or the internet at the time of 
making the application, will form the basis of the 
contract. The schedule and any further endorsements 
are all part of this policy. Please keep this document for 
reference. 
 
 
 
- The policyholder must reveal all facts known or 
ought to know which may affect the insurance cover. 
If not, this policy may not be valid. 
 
- The policyholder must insure the building, 
renovations, contents, valuables, collectible 
property and personal possessions for their full 
reinstatement or replacement value. If not, the 
policyholder is responsible for a share of the loss or 
damage. Please see general condition parts 1 and 2 
for details. 
 
 
 
Certain words have been defined below. These words 
have the same meaning wherever they are used in the 
policy and the schedule and in any endorsements. 
 
Accident or accidental means an event which is 
unintended, sudden, fortuitous and unforeseen. 
Act of terrorism means an act (which may include using 
or threatening force or violence) by any person or group, 
committed for political, religious, ideological or similar 
purposes, with the aim of influencing any government or 
to put the public, or any section of the public, in fear. We 
do not consider robberies or other criminal acts mainly 
committed for personal gain and acts arising mainly as a 
result of personal relationships as an act of terrorism . 
Act of terrorism also includes any act which is confirmed 
by the relevant government as an act of terrorism . We 
consider using nuclear, chemical or biological substances 
or weapons as a means of force or violence and an act of 
terrorism. 
 
Bodily Injury means injury resulting solely and directly 
from accidental, external, violent and visible means and 
does not include sickness or disease, or any naturally 
occurring condition, or the result of any gradually 
operating cause. 
 
Building means the following. 
For Housing Development Board (HDB) flats, 
condominiums, apartments or cluster houses, it will 
include the building structure, fixtures and fittings based 
on HDB’s or the property developer’s standard 
specifications. This means we will not cover areas the 
policyholder does not own or which are not provided  
only for the policyholder’s use. For example, this can 
include shared areas such as corridors, car parks, 
stairways, lift lobbies and swimming pools. 
 
For landed properties such as bungalows, semi -detached 
and terrace houses, it will include the building structure, 
garages, outbuildings, swimming pools, terraces, 
footpaths, driveways, gardens, gates, fences and other 
private areas the policyholder owns or which the 
policyholder has private access to; for which the public 
does not. 
 
Child or children means the policyholder’s natural or 
legally adopted child between the age of one (1) and 
twenty-one (21) years old, or up to twenty -three (23) 
years old if he or she is still studying full -time in a 
recognized institution of tertiary education, unmarried, 
not in full time employment and fully dependent on the 
policyholder. 
 
HomeSecure Policy

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 2 of 29 
 
 
Collectible property means any rare and valuable item 
which cannot be worn or carried by a person in everyday 
life. For example: works of arts, antiques, paintings, 
carpets, wine, stamp or coin collections. 
 
Contents means any item described as personal 
possessions, collectible property , valuables or any 
household goods and other personal effects belonging to 
the policyholder, his/her family members or domestic 
worker. This includes furniture, sport equipments, 
electronic appliances/devices and excludes items such as: 
 
- motor vehicles, caravans, trailers, aircraft, watercraft 
or spare parts and accessories while attached to or in 
any of them; 
- any part of the structure of the building; 
- animals; 
- contact lenses; 
- items used for business trade or professional 
purposes; 
- deeds, bonds, bills of exchange, cheques, travellers 
cheques, money, stamps and coins. 
 
For purpose of interpreting the coverage under section 2, 
the contents must be kept within the premises. 
 
Domestic worker means a person employed as a 
domestic helper to reside and work at the premises. We 
will not in the event of any accident arising out of and in 
the course of employment to any domestic worker whilst 
engaged in the service of the policyholder raise the 
defence that such domestic worker is not an “employee” 
within the meaning of the Work Injury Compensation Act 
(Chapter 354). 
 
Employee means an individual working for the 
policyholder and whose personal details are listed in the 
schedule. The policyholder has purchased the policy to 
cover the employee, his/her spouse, children and 
domestic worker when they reside in the premises 
during the period of insurance . For purpose of 
interpreting coverage, benefits in sections 2 to 5 are 
extended to the employee, his/her spouse, children and 
anyone living permanently in the premises with him/her. 
 
Electronic data means facts, concepts and information 
converted to a form useable for communications, display 
distribution, interpretation or processing by electronic 
and electromechanical data processing or electronically 
controlled equipment and includes programmes,  
software and other coded instructions for such 
equipment. This also includes computer systems records. 
 
Family members mean the policyholder’s spouse, 
his/her children or any other persons permanently living 
with him/her in the premises. 
Infectious disease means unequivocal, final and 
confirmed diagnosis of any infectious diseases such as  
the following, as defined by internationally accepted 
medical diagnostic criteria, by a medical practitioner , 
supported by acceptable clinical, radiological, histological 
and laboratory evidence: 
 
a. Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) 
b. Dengue Fever / Dengue Haemorrhagic Fever 
c. Variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (vCJD) or ‘Mad 
Cow Disease’ 
d. Nipah Viral Encephalitis 
e. Japanese Viral Encephalitis 
f. Malaria 
g. Pulmonary Tuberculosis 
h. Measles 
i. Rabies 
j. Melioidosis 
k. Hand, Foot and Mouth Disease (HFMD) 
l. Avian Influenza or ‘Bird Flu’ due to Influenza A 
viral strains H5N1, H9N2 or H7N7 
m. Chikungunya Fever 
n. Influenza A viral strain H1N1 
 
Medical practitioner means any person registered and 
legally qualified as a doctor by a medical degree in 
western medicine and authorised by the medical  
licensing authority of that country to provide medical or 
surgical service within the scope of their licence and 
training. The medical practitioner should not be the 
policyholder, his/her family member, partner, business 
partner, employer, employee or agent. 
 
Personal possessions mean any personal items belonging 
to the policyholder or his/her family members that is 
usually worn on, carried or used by a person in everyday 
life. It excludes valuables and items such as contact  
lenses or money, deeds, bonds, cheques and travellers’ 
cheques. 
 
Period of insurance means the period of cover as shown 
in the schedule. 
 
Permanently disabled or permanent disability means 
suffering from one of the items of disability listed in the 
scale of compensation, and which was caused only by an 
accident, as long as: 
 
- the disability lasts for twelve (12) months in a row 
from the date of accident; and 
- our medical practitioner confirms that it is not going 
to improve after twelve (12) months. 
 
Permanent total disability or permanently and totally 
disabled means: 
 
a. For sections 1 and 2, the total disability caused only 
by an accident which results in the policyholder, 
his/her spouse, child/children or domestic worker to 
suffer:

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 3 of 29 
 
 
- Paraplegia or quadriplegia; 
- Total and permanent loss of sight in both eyes; 
or 
- Total and permanent loss of hearing in both ears. 
 
b. For section 5, the total disability caused only by an 
accident that: 
 
- stops the policyholder or his/her spouse from 
working in any job for a salary or wage or stops 
the policyholder from carrying out any business 
whatsoever; and 
- lasts for twelve (12) months in a row from the 
date of the accident; 
 
and our medical practitioner believes that the 
condition is not going to improve after twelve (12) 
months. 
 
Policy means this document, including any information 
provided or declaration made by the policyholder, the 
schedule, table of cover and any endorsements we have 
issued under this policy. 
 
Policyholder means an individual or a corporation having 
different interests on the policy in their own rights: 
 
- the owner or co-owner of the premises in Singapore; 
or 
- the  tenant  or  co-tenant  currently  renting  the 
premises in Singapore; or 
- the lender of the mortgage for the premises, that is 
the mortgagee. 
 
The party above can only insure the building, 
renovations, contents, valuables, collectible property or 
personal possessions he/she owns or has interest in. 
 
Policyholder may also mean a corporation which a 
contractual party to a tenancy agreement for the sole 
purpose of housing its employees in the premises; and 
the policyholder will insure the contents, valuables, 
collectible property and personal possessions on behalf 
their employees during the period of insurance. 
 
Pollutants means any solid, liquid, gaseous or thermal 
irritant or contaminant including but not limited to 
smoke, vapour, soot, fumes, acids, alkalis, bacteria, 
chemicals, sewage and waste (which includes material to 
be recycled, reconditioned or reclaimed); and the 
commencement of any intermittent release shall be 
deemed to be at the start of the first release of the  
series. 
 
Premises means the residential property which the 
policyholder insures at the address shown in the 
schedule. This does not include shared areas as described 
in our definition of building. 
Prohibited person means a person or entity who is, or 
who is related to a person or entity: 
 
-  subject to laws, regulations or sanctions 
administered by any inter -government, 
government, regulatory or law enforcement 
authorities of any country, which will prohibit or 
restrict us from providing insurance or carrying 
out any transaction under this policy, or 
-  who is involved in any terrorist or illegal activities 
or placed on sanctions listing or issued with 
freezing order. 
 
Related includes relationships such as parent, 
step-parent, child, step -child, adopted child, spouse, 
sibling, step-sibling, adopted sibling, parent-in-law, 
child-in-law, sibling -in-law, cousin, uncle, aunt, 
grandparents, niece, nephew, grandchild, employee, 
employer, associate, parent company, subsidiary and 
shareholder. 
 
Relevant person includes persons and entities such as  
the policyholder, insured person, trustee, settlor, 
beneficiary, assignee, nominee, payee, mortgagee, 
financier of the application/policy, and in relation to an 
entity, its director, partner, manager, person having 
executive authority, authorised signatory, shareholder or 
beneficial owner. 
 
Renovations means improvements, alterations and 
additions made within the premises by the policyholder 
or any previous owner or tenant in the form of fixtures 
and fittings. For example, this could include flooring,  
built-in wardrobes and kitchen cabinets. 
 
Schedule means the document which proves that the 
policyholder has purchased the insurance cover. It lists, 
among other things, the policyholder’s details, details of 
the premises, the period of insurance , policy year, 
premium, benefits and sum insured for each benefit of 
this policy. 
 
Sum insured means the amount payable under each 
section of benefit as shown in the schedule or renewal 
notice attached to the policy. 
 
Under-insured or under-insurance means the sum 
insured as shown in the schedule are lower than the 
actual full reinstatement or replacement costs at the  
time of the loss or damage. 
 
Valuables mean any item that is usually worn on or 
carried by a person and is composed of precious metals  
or precious stones, a piece of jewellery such as a ring, 
necklace, a set of ear rings, a watch or a fur coat. 
 
We, our, us, and Income Insurance means Income 
Insurance Limited.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 4 of 29 
 
 
Section 1 – Building Insurance 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
1. Loss or damage to the building and renovations due 
to accident; up to the sum insured shown in the 
schedule 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. If the premises remains unoccupied for more than  
90 consecutive days. 
 
b. If the loss or damage are caused by theft or 
misappropriation by the domestic worker or 
policyholder’s tenant or subtenant or his/her family 
members. 
 
c. For the first $10,000 for each and every loss or 
damage by landslip and/or subsidence caused by 
flood. 
 
d. Accidental loss or damage: 
- caused by wear and tear, mildew, rot, rust, 
gradual deterioration, insects and vermin; 
- caused by washing, dyeing, cleaning, repairing, 
restoring, scratching or denting; 
- caused by mechanical or electrical breakdown; 
- caused by inherent fault or defective 
workmanship, material or design; 
 
e. The first S$100 for each and every accidental loss or 
damage except by fire. 
2. Fees and costs: 
 
a. for clearance, tearing, propping up and shoring up 
the part of the building that is damaged; subject 
to our prior consent, 
 
b. for the reinstatement of the building on the same 
or another site which is necessary for the 
policyholder to comply with Statutory Building 
Regulations, 
 
c. for professionals such as architects, surveyors, 
consulting engineers and lawyers which the 
policyholder has to pay to reinstate the building, 
 
following loss or damage due to an accident. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Fees charged for the preparation of any claim 
submission. 
 
b. Costs incurred in complying with regulations: 
- under which notice has been served upon the 
policyholder prior to the loss or damage; or 
- in respect of undamaged part of the building. 
 
c. Fees exceeding those authorised under the scale of 
the various Institutions and/or bodies regulating such 
fees prevailing at the time of the loss or damage. 
3. Reasonable expenses incurred or loss of rental 
income; up to 20% of the sum insured on building 
for: 
 
a. the necessary alternative accommodation, 
b. rent which continues to be payable by the 
policyholder, and 
c. loss of rent suffered by the policyholder; 
 
as a result of the premises being uninhabitable due 
to an accident. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Hotel expenses or charges for food and beverages, 
phone calls, laundry and hotel entertainment or  
pay-per-view TV programmes.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 5 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
4. Reasonable expenses incurred to fix or replace fixed 
glass and mirror, sanitary ware, pipes, cables and 
services as a result of an accidental breakage or 
damage. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
Loss or damage: 
a. caused by wear and tear, mildew, rot, corrosion, 
rust, gradual deterioration, insects and vermin. 
b. caused by inherent fault or defective workmanship, 
material or design. 
5. Reasonable expenses incurred to replace fire  
fighting appliances due to an accident; up to 15% of 
the sum insured on building. 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions. 
6. Expenses incurred to fix or replace antennas as a 
result of an accidental loss, breakage or damage. 
7. Loss or damage to new renovations due to an 
accident (but not appreciation in value) for an 
amount not exceeding 10% of the sum insured on 
building or S$250,000; whichever is the lesser. 
It is understood that the policyholder will undertake 
to advise us of such new renovations at each  
quarter and to pay the appropriate additional 
premium. 
8. Fatal accident benefit if there is death happening 
within twelve (12) calendar months of the 
policyholder, his/her spouse, child/children or 
domestic worker suffering from any injury caused  
by fire or theft in the premises: 
- S$50,000 each for the death of the policyholder, 
his/her spouse aged between 21 to 70 years; and 
- S$10,000 for the death of each child or domestic 
worker. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. If the policyholder, his/her spouse, child/children or 
domestic worker has also received compensation 
under Section 2 (10). 
9. The necessary cost of modifying the premises, to 
assist the policyholder or his/her family members 
with mobility within the premises when there is a 
written certification of the permanent total 
disability from a medical practitioner certifying that 
the policyholder or his/her family members 
permanently residing with the policyholder and 
usually residing at the premises has suffered 
permanent total disability arising from an accident 
that occurred within the period of insurance. 
The maximum amount we will pay is up to 10% of 
the building sum insured or S$5,000; whichever is 
the lower. 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 6 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
10. The reasonable expenses incurred to engage home 
cleaning services to disinfect the premises following 
an outbreak of any of the infectious disease  
suffered by the policyholder, his/her family 
members or domestic worker permanently residing 
with him/her at the premises. 
The maximum amount we will pay is up to S$5,000 
per incident. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. any infectious disease which has been announced as: 
- an epidemic by the health authority in Singapore 
or the Government of the Republic of Singapore;  
or 
- a pandemic by the World Health Organisation 
(WHO); 
from the date of the announcement until the 
epidemic or pandemic ends. 
11.The reasonable costs of removing and replacing any 
other part of the building, renovations, fixtures and 
fittings necessary to find and repair the source of  
the leak in the event of loss or damage to the 
building or renovations caused by the escape of 
water from water tanks, pipes, apparatus or fixed 
heating systems within the premises. 
 
The maximum amount we will pay is S$5,000 per 
event and in aggregate for the period of insurance. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the  
following. 
 
a. Claims made within first six (6) months from 
when the policy is first issued. 
 
b. Buildings more than twenty (20) years old. 
 
c. 20% of the loss covered under this extension or 
S$100 for each and every loss; whichever is the 
higher. 
12a. The loss of rent when the policyholder’s tenant 
ceases to pay the rent due under tenancy 
agreement or leaves the premises without giving 
notice before the end of the tenancy agreement;  
or 
 
12b. The loss of rent when the premises remain 
untenanted following an occurrence of murder 
and/or suicide at the premises; 
 
The maximum amount we will pay is: 
(i) the monthly rent due under the tenancy 
agreement or S$2,500 per month; whichever  
is the lower; and 
(ii) up to two (2) months equivalent of the 
monthly rent due under the tenancy 
agreement in total during any one period of 
Insurance. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the  
following. 
a. The rent for the first two (2) consecutive months 
after the policyholder’s tenant defaulted in payment 
or from the date of occurrence of the murder and/or 
suicide at the premises. 
b. Loss of rent when there is no valid written tenancy 
agreement. 
c. Loss of rent once the premises is re-tenanted. 
d. Rent that was due in arrears prior to  
commencement of the policy. 
e. Loss of rent where the policyholder’s tenant had 
defaulted on rental payment or the murder and/or 
suicide event had occurred before the 
commencement of policy. 
13. The loss or damage to the premises; up to the 
building sum insured until: 
 
a. the sale of the premises is completed; or 
b. the purchaser takes possession of the premises; 
whichever occurs first; 
 
if at the time of accidental loss or damage to the 
premises, a contract for the sale of the premises has 
been entered into and provided that this policy is in 
force. 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 7 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
14. Loss or damage to the building and renovations due 
to accident whilst any workman is at the premises 
for any minor extension, repair and/or renovation 
works; provided the premises is insured with us 
during the period of such repair or renovation  
works. 
 
15. The reasonable and necessary expenses incurred for 
temporary shuttering, boarding up, and/or other 
protection for the purpose of protecting and safe 
guarding the premises during repairs or  
replacement following loss or damage due to 
accident. The maximum amount we will pay is 
S$3,000 for each period of insurance. 
16. The loss or damage by fire to the electrical 
appliances and installation arising from overrunning, 
excessive pressure, short circuit, arcing, self-heating, 
leakage of electricity, or from whatever cause 
(lightning included). 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions. 
17. The loss of stolen part of the building and 
renovations during and/or after the occurrence of a 
fire or following loss or damage due to accident. 
18. The maintenance fees due to Management 
Corporation Strata Title (MCST) or the conservancy 
charges due to town council in the event that the 
building or renovations suffer loss or damage due to 
an accident, rendering the premises uninhabitable. 
 
The maximum amount we will pay for any one 
incident is 10% of sum insured or S$1,000,  
whichever is lower. 
19. A cash benefit of S$100 per day for a maximum 
period of 14 days if access to the premises is denied 
due to accidental damage to properties within the 
immediate vicinity of the premises. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the  
following. 
 
a. If the policyholder, has also received compensation 
under Section 2(23). 
20. A cash relief of S$1,000 for any one accident if the 
premises is assessed by our appointed assessor to  
be uninhabitable for at least 5 days; due to an 
accidental loss or damage to the premises. 
 
This benefit is only applicable if the policyholder is 
residing at the premises. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the  
following. 
 
a. If the policyholder, has also received compensation 
under Section 2(19). 
21. The cost of temporarily putting the policyholder’s 
pet at a licensed pet boarding centre if the premises 
is assessed by our appointed assessor to be 
uninhabitable for at least 5 days; due to an 
accidental loss or damage to the premises. 
 
The maximum amount we will pay for any one 
accident is up to S$500. 
 
This benefit is only applicable if the policyholder and 
the pet are residing at the premises. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the  
following. 
 
a. If the policyholder has also received compensation 
under Section 2(27) for the same event.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 8 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
22. Loss or damage to the security system due to theft 
or attempted theft at the premises. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the  
following. 
The maximum amount we will pay for any one 
accident is up to S$500. 
 
a. If the premises remains unoccupied for more than 
90 consecutive days. 
 b. If the loss or damage are caused by theft or 
misappropriation by the domestic worker or 
policyholder’s tenant or subtenant or his/her family 
members. 
23. The reasonable and necessary costs of replacing and 
installing the premises’ external door locks and keys 
following an accidental loss, break-in or theft. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the  
following. 
The maximum amount we will pay is S$1,000 for any 
one period of insurance. 
a. Loss or damage caused: 
- by wear and tear, climatic conditions, mechanical 
or electrical breakdown or process of repair or 
restoration. 
- as a result of misuse or misplacement by the 
policyholder or his/her family members. 
 b. If the policyholder has also received compensation 
under Section 2(6) for the same event.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 9 of 29 
 
 
Section 2 – Home Contents 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
1. Accidental loss or damage to contents within the 
premises; up to the total sum insured of this  
section; subject to the sublimits  as described in 
general condition 4 (b) – Basis of claims settlement. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
Loss or damage caused: 
 
- by wear and tear, mildew, rot, rust, gradual 
deterioration, insects and vermin. 
 
- by washing, dyeing, cleaning, repairing, restoring, 
scratching or denting. 
 
- by domestic animals owned by the policyholder or 
are in his/her care custody and control. 
 
- by breakage of sports equipment while in use. 
 
- by theft or misappropriation by the policyholder’s 
tenant or subtenant, his/her family members or 
domestic worker. 
 
- to film, tapes, cassettes, cartridges or discs other 
than their value as unused material, unless 
purchased pre-recorded where we will pay up to the 
maker’s latest list price. 
 
- by mechanical or electrical breakdown. 
 
- by inherent fault or defective workmanship, material 
or design. 
 
- the first S$100 for each and every loss or damage 
other than loss or damage to television, radios, 
audio/video equipment or caused by fire, lightning  
or explosion or theft involving forcible entry or exit. 
2a. Accidental loss or damage of the contents (except 
theft or attempted theft) as described in Section 
2(1); 
 
2b. theft or attempted theft of the contents from the 
private residence or any building in which the 
policyholder or his/her family member is living; or 
 
2c. theft or attempted theft of the contents in any other 
building, provided violent means are used to enter  
or leave that building; 
 
while the contents are temporarily removed from 
the premises to be placed in any building situated 
within Singapore, Malaysia or Brunei. The maximum 
amount we will pay is 15% of the contents’ sum 
insured, subject to the sublimits as described in 
general condition 4 (b) – Basis of claims settlement. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
- Items removed for sale or exhibition or to furniture 
depositories.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 10 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
3a. The necessary cost of reasonable alternative 
accommodation; 
3b. rent  which  continues  to  be  payable  by  the 
policyholder; 
3c. loss of rent suffered by the policyholder; or 
3d. the necessary cost of temporary storage of the 
policyholder’s furniture; 
 
as a result of the premises being uninhabitable due 
to accidental loss or damage under this section. The 
maximum amount we will pay for any one incident 
is 20% of the contents’ sum insured. 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions. 
4. The reasonable expenses incurred to replace fire 
fighting appliances due to an accident; up to 15% of 
the total sum insured on contents following each 
and every accidental loss or damage to contents 
covered under this section. 
5. The reasonable and necessary costs incurred in 
removing the debris following accidental loss or 
damage to contents covered under this section. The 
maximum amount we will pay for any one incident 
is 15% of the total sum insured on contents. 
6. The reasonable and necessary costs of replacing 
and installing the premises’ external door locks and 
keys following an accidental loss, break-in or theft. 
The maximum amount we will pay is S$1,000 for  
any one period of insurance. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Loss or damage caused: 
 
- by wear and tear, climatic conditions, mechanical or 
electrical breakdown or process of repair or 
restoration. 
- as a result of misuse or misplacement by the 
policyholder or his/her family members. 
 
b. If the policyholder has also received compensation 
under Section 1(23) for the same event. 
7. An extra amount of up to 25% of the sum insured  
on contents if there is loss or damage to the new 
contents belonging to the policyholder provided 
that the policyholder declares the new contents to 
us within 30 days from the date of their purchase 
and pay the additional premium advised by us. 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions. 
8. The  accidental loss or damage to unattended 
bicycle anywhere in Singapore; provided it is kept in 
a locked building or locked to a fixed and  
immovable object. The maximum amount we will 
pay is S$1,000 for any one period of insurance. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
The first S$250 each and every loss or damage unless 
the loss or damage is caused by fire.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 11 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
9. The policyholder’s damaged frozen food and drinks 
while kept in a refrigerator or freezer, due to 
deterioration or putrefaction which is caused by: 
 
a. rise in temperature in consequence of: 
- failure to deep freeze due to its own 
inherent defect; or 
- accidental failure of the supply of electricity 
to the premises; 
 
b. accidental leakage of refrigerant or refrigerant 
fumes. 
 
The maximum amount we will pay is S$1,000 for 
any one period of insurance. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Loss or damage caused by: 
 
- wilful act or neglect of the policyholder, or 
his/her family members or domestic worker. 
 
- failure of the public supply of electricity 
occasioned by the deliberate act of any 
electricity authority or by the exercise of such 
authority of its power to withhold or restrict 
supply. 
 
- disconnection or switching off of electricity 
supply. 
10. Fatal accident benefit if there is a death happening 
within twelve (12) calendar months of the 
policyholder, his/her spouse, child/children or 
domestic worker suffering from any injury caused 
by fire or theft in the premises, : 
 
- S$50,000 for the death of policyholder , his/her 
spouse aged between 21 to 70 years; and 
- S$10,000  for  the  death  of  each  child  or 
domestic worker. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. If the policyholder, his/her spouse, child/children 
or domestic worker has also received  
compensation under Section 1(8). 
11. The medical expenses reasonably and necessarily 
incurred by the policyholder, his/her spouse or 
child/children, for the treatment of any injury 
caused by thieves or robbers in the premises. The 
maximum amount we will pay for any one incident 
is S$1,000 for each person. 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions. 
12. The accidental loss of personal cash and/or the 
improper use of lost or stolen credit cards or cash 
dispenser cards belonging to the policyholder, 
his/her family members or domestic worker . In 
respect of credit cards, this section will only operate 
as to any difference between the amount of loss 
sustained and the amount recoverable under the 
terms of the credit card agreement. The maximum 
we will pay is S$1,000 for any one period of 
insurance. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Losses not reported to the police. 
b. Shortages due to error or omission. 
c. Losses arising from fraud or dishonesty of the 
policyholder, his/her family members or domestic 
worker. 
d. Credit card losses unless immediately reported to 
the credit card issuing company, and all of the 
conditions in the credit card agreement are 
observed. 
e. Cash or credit cards belonging to the policyholder 
or his/her family members ’ employer or any 
business or commercial venture.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 12 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
13. The accidental death or theft of the policyholder’s 
pedigree pets, fishes or birds occurring during the 
period of insurance or up to 30 days after the  
policy expiries. The maximum we will pay S$1,000 
for any one period of insurance for replacement of 
a pet of the same breed and sex. 
 
Documentary proof of ownership and certificate of 
pedigree is required in the event of a claim. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Natural death or death caused by illness or disease. 
14. The hospitality expenses incurred in any recognised  
golf clubs in the world; subject to the policyholder 
or his/her family members producing evidence in 
the form of their signed/counter -signed score card 
recording the event of “holing out in one”. The 
maximum we will pay for any one incident is 
S$1,000. 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions. 
15a. The loss or damage to contents whilst in the 
course of being removed by professional movers 
from the premises to the future permanent 
residence anywhere in the Republic of Singapore; 
including temporary indoor storage of up to 3  
days. 
 
15b. The loss or damage to contents whilst at the new 
permanent residence for up to 7 calendar days; 
provided that the new address is declared to us 
within 7 calendar days from the first day of 
removal to the new permanent residence. This 
cover will only apply if the policyholder takes up a 
new policy for the new residence with us. 
 
We will pay up to the total sum insured of this 
section; subject to the sublimits as described in 
general condition 4 (b) – Basis of claims  
settlement. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Loss or damage to valuables. 
 
b. The first 15% of each and every loss. 
16. The loss or damage to the policyholder’s or his/her 
family members’ personal effects (excluding 
money) caused by accidental loss or damage under 
this section whilst they are travelling anywhere in 
Singapore or overseas. The maximum amount we 
will pay is S$5,000 for any one period of insurance 
and S$500 for any one article. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Loss or damage to furs, contact lens, stamps and 
articles of brittle nature; valuables or collectible 
property. 
 
b. The first S$100 for loss or damage to hand phones, 
laptops or computers. 
 
c. If the policyholder has received compensation 
under Section 3. 
17. The loss of stolen jewellery  by forcible violent entry 
while it is kept in safe deposit boxes or at service 
centre in Singapore. The maximum amount we will 
pay is S$1,000 for any one period of insurance. 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions. 
18. The accidental loss or damage to the visitors’ 
personal effects whilst they are visiting the 
premises. The maximum amount we will pay is 
S$1,000 for any one period of insurance.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 13 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
19. A cash relief of S$1,000 for any one accident if the 
premises is assessed by our appointed assessor to 
be uninhabitable for at least 5 days due to loss or 
damage as a result of an accident. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. If the policyholder has also received compensation 
under Section 1(20). 
20. A cash benefit of S$100 per day; up to a maximum 
of 14 days if the policyholder or his family 
members is served with a home quarantine order  
by public authorities. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Quarantine due to any disease which has been 
announced as: 
- an epidemic by the health authority in  
Singapore or the Government of the Republic of 
Singapore; or. 
- a pandemic by the World Health Organisation 
(WHO); 
from the date of the announcement until the 
epidemic or pandemic ends. 
21. The reasonable costs of hiring temporary additional 
domestic help when the policyholder or his/her 
spouse is warded as an in -patient in a hospital due 
to an accident which took place in the premises; up 
to a limit of S$1,000 in any one period of insurance. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Any other expenses incurred as a result of sickness 
or illness suffered by the policyholder or his/her 
spouse. 
b. Hospitalization expenses arising through pregnancy 
or whilst under the influence of drinks or drugs.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 14 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
22. The following expenses reasonably incurred by the 
policyholder or his/her family members; as a result 
of a third party (not a member of the policyholder 
’s family or domestic worker ) perpetuating an 
unlawful act knowingly by using the policyholder ’s 
or his/her family member ’s respective identity 
without their expressed authority or consent:- 
 
a) reasonable lawyers’ fees and disbursements 
directly related to:- 
 
- the defence of any legal proceedings by 
businesses or their collection agencies; and 
- legal proceedings undertaken to challenge, 
remove, vary or set aside any criminal or civil 
judgments entered against the policyholder or 
his/her family members , including any changes 
or variation to the information regarding their 
respective consumer credit report; and 
 
b) reasonable costs of notarising or certifying 
affidavits and other necessary documents; 
including the costs of sending all necessary 
affidavits and documents to law enforcement 
agencies, financial institution, credit agencies or 
similar entities. 
 
The maximum amount we will pay is 10% of the 
contents’ sum insured or S$7,500 for any one 
period of insurance. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Any identity fraud expenses incurred whereby the 
unlawful act of the third party occurs outside the 
period of insurance. 
 
b. Any identity fraud expenses incurred six (6) months 
after the expiry of the policy in respect of an 
unlawful act of the third party occurring within the 
period of insurance ; regardless of when the 
unlawful act was discovered. 
 
c. Any claim where the policyholder or members of 
the policyholder’s family residing with him/her  
have experienced a third party perpetuating an 
unlawful act on them before the commencement of 
the policy. 
 
d. Any claim arising from or related directly or 
indirectly to any business activities of the 
policyholder or members of the policyholder’s 
family residing with him/her. 
 
Any claim arising from or related directly or indirectly  
to any fraudulent, dishonest or criminal act by the 
policyholder or members of the policyholder’s family 
residing with him/her or their authorized 
representative. 
23. A cash benefit of S$100 per day for a maximum 
period of 14 days if access to the premises is denied 
due to accidental damage to properties within the 
immediate vicinity of the premises. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. If the policyholder has also received compensation 
under Section 1(19). 
24. A cash benefit of S$500 as a stress payment if there 
is a total loss of the contents within the premises 
caused by an accident. 
No specific exclusions. Please read our general 
exclusions listed in part 9 of the general conditions. 
25. The loss or damage to contents belonging to the 
policyholder while any workman the policyholder 
engages is in the premises doing minor extension, 
repair and/or renovation works. 
 
We will pay up to the total sum insured of this 
section; subject to the sublimits as described in 
general condition 4 (b) – Basis of claims settlement. 
26. The loss or damage to security system as a result of 
theft or any attempt thereat. The maximum  
amount we will pay for any one incident is S$500.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 15 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
27. The cost of temporarily putting the policyholder’s 
pet at a licensed pet boarding centre if the  
premises is assessed by our appointed assessor to 
be uninhabitable for at least 5 days;  due to an 
accidental loss or damage to the premises. 
 
The maximum amount we will pay for any one 
accident is up to S$500. 
 
This benefit is only applicable if the policyholder 
and the pet are residing at the premises. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. If the policyholder has also received compensation 
under Section 1(21) for the same event.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 16 of 29 
 
 
Section 3 –Valuables and Personal Possessions (All risks) 
This section is applicable only if the policyholder insures Section 1- Building and/or Section 2 – Home Contents. 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
a. The accidental loss or damage of valuables and 
personal possessions covered under this section; up 
to the sum insured under this section and subject to 
a sub -limit of S$2,500 for any one article for 
unspecified items which are shown in the schedule 
as being insured in one collective amount and which 
are not individually specified. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Loss or damage caused: 
 
- by wear and tear, depreciation, mechanical or 
electrical breakdown; 
 
- by washing, cleaning, dyeing, alteration, 
restoration, repair, maintenance, moth or 
vermin; 
 
- by confiscation or detention by customs or 
other officials; 
 
- to films, tapes, cassettes, cartridges or discs 
other than their value as unused material, 
unless purchased pre -recorded where we will 
pay up to the maker’s latest list price; 
 
- by breakage of sports equipment while in use. 
 
b. Loss or damage while the premises or any part is 
loaned or let unless violent means were used to 
enter or leave; or 
 
c. Loss or damage to property left in unoccupied 
vehicles unless all doors and windows are locked. 
 
d. The first S$100 for breakage of tortoise shell glass 
or other brittle substances except due to fire or 
theft. 
 
e. The first S$100 for each and every loss to hand 
phones, laptops and computers. 
 
f. If the policyholder has received compensation 
under Section 2(16). 
b. The accidental loss or damage of valuables and 
personal possessions covered under this section; up 
to the sum insured declared for specified items 
which are individually declared and insured with an 
appropriate sum insured set against each item and 
which are specified in the schedule. 
c. The accidental loss or damage for newly acquired 
valuables and personal possessions ; provided the 
policyholder declares to us the date of purchase 
within 30 days. The maximum we will pay is S$2,500 
in the aggregate; subject to an excess S$100 per 
article at the time of claim.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 17 of 29 
 
 
Section 4 – Personal and Home Owners’/Home Occupiers’ Liability 
(Worldwide) 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
a. Liability for accidental bodily injury caused to any 
person not in the service of the policyholder or 
his/her family members; 
 
b. Liability for accidental damage to property: 
 
- not owned by the policyholder or his/her family 
members, or any of their employees or agent; 
- not held in trust by them; and/or 
- not in their custody or control; 
 
c. Liability as tenant(s) at the situation specified in the 
schedule in respect of which the policyholder as a 
tenant of the premises become legally liable to pay 
for loss or damage to the: 
 
- building or any part of the building not belonging 
to the policyholder but while under his/her 
occupation; 
- Contents, fixtures and fittings within the 
premises, not belonging to the policyholder but 
in his/her charge or control; 
 
d. Liability as owner of pet dog or cat; 
 
caused by the fault or negligence of the policyholder, 
his/her family members or domestic worker 
permanently living with the policyholder for whom  
they are legally responsible. 
 
We will, in addition, be responsible for all legal 
expenses recoverable by a claimant, and also legal 
expenses incurred by the policyholder given our prior 
consent, or by us on behalf of the policyholder. 
 
In the event of the policyholder’s death, we will in 
respect of the liability incurred by the policyholder pay 
his/her personal representatives who shall as though 
they were the policyholder, observe, fulfil and be 
subject to the terms exceptions and conditions of this 
policy so far as they can apply. 
 
The maximum we will pay is up to S$2,000,000 for any 
one incident and unlimited for any one period of 
insurance. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Any business activities of the policyholder or his/her 
family members or claims arising from the rendering 
or omission of rendering of any professional  
services. 
 
b. Liability arising from the ownership, maintenance, 
operation, use, loading or unloading of aircraft, 
watercraft, locomotive, motor vehicle or any 
mechanically propelled vehicle (other than bicycle) 
or firearms (other than sporting guns). 
 
c. Liability assumed under any contract or agreement 
unless such liability would have attached in the 
absence of such agreement. 
 
d. Injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction caused 
intentionally by or at the direction of the 
policyholder or his/her family members. 
 
e. Ownership, possession or occupation of land or 
premises other than at the situation specified in the 
schedule. 
 
f. Pollutants; unless caused by or arising out of an 
identifiable unexpected and accidental release 
(including discharge, dispersal, seepage, migration 
and escape) of pollutants which occurs during any 
period of insurance and is: 
- detected within 7 days of its occurrence, and 
- reported to us within 7 days of its being detected. 
 
g. Any obligation to test for, monitor, clean up,  
remove, contain, treat, detoxify or neutralise  or in 
any way respond to or assess the effects of 
pollutants on structures, premises, sites or land 
currently or previously owned, occupied, used or 
under the control where the obligation arises out of 
such ownership, occupancy, use or control by the 
policyholder or his/her family members or domestic 
worker permanently living with the policyholder.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 18 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
We may at our option pay the policyholder the 
maximum sum insured under this section or the 
balance of the sum insured if any payments are already 
made for the same event. When we pay the claim, we 
will have no further legal responsibility to the 
policyholder under this policy. We shall not be 
responsible for any damage or loss incurred by the 
policyholder due to our actions or omissions in 
connection with the claim or legal proceedings. 
h. Direct or indirect inhalation of, or fears of the 
consequences of exposure to, or inhalation of, 
asbestos, asbestos fibers or derivatives of asbestos. 
This policy does not cover that part of any loss, cost 
or expense for the cost of cleaning up, or removal of, 
or damage to, or loss of use of, property arising out  
of any asbestos, asbestos fibers or any derivatives of 
asbestos. 
 i. Fines, penalties, aggravated exemplary or punitive 
damages. 
 j. Any court judgment which is not delivered by a court 
within Singapore.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 19 of 29 
 
 
Section 5 – Personal Accident 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
1. When the policyholder, his/her spouse or child 
sustains bodily injury anywhere in the world caused 
by an accident which results in death within twelve 
(12) months from the date of the accident or 
permanent disablement. 
 
In the event of death, we will pay the benefit to  
each party’s respective legal personal 
representatives; according to the scale of 
compensation table below. 
 
The most we will pay for each insured persons under 
this section is up to the sum insured shown in the 
schedule for any one period of insurance . If this 
section insures more than one person, the maximum 
sum insured we will pay for one event shall not 
exceed S$3,500,000. 
 
The total of all percentages of the sum insured due 
under this section for each person will not be more 
than 100% during any one period of insurance. 
 
We will reduce any compensation due for accidental 
death by any payment which we have already made 
to the policyholder, his/her spouse or child under 
the scale of compensation within the same period of 
insurance. 
 
We will not pay the policyholder, his/her spouse or 
child extra compensation for any specific item which 
is part of a greater item due under this policy. For 
example, we will pay for losing an upper limb, but  
we will not pay again for losing finger or thumb from 
the same limb. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
Claims arising from: 
a. Air travel except as a fare -paying passenger in a fully 
licensed passenger carrying aircraft. 
b. Any crew, trade, technical or sporting activity in 
connection with an aircraft. 
c. Accident caused by underwater activities involving 
the use of compressed gas. 
d. Accident caused by: 
- any kind of race (other than foot); 
- bungee jumping, parachuting, rock/mountain 
climbing necessitating the use of ropes or guides; 
- winter sports other than curling and skating; or 
- any sports in a professional capacity. 
- suicide or intentional self injury. 
- pregnancy or childbirth. 
- pre-existing physical or mental defect or infirmity. 
- the influence of intoxicants or drugs unless it is 
taken on proper medical advice. 
e. Injury sustained by the policyholder, his/her spouse 
or child if the policyholder, his/her, spouse or child 
is more than 70 years of age at the time of the 
accident. 
f. Death if the policyholder his/her spouse or child has 
received compensation either under of Section 1(8) 
or Section 2(10). 
The following extensions will apply for this section. 
a) Disappearance 
We shall presume death to have been suffered by 
the policyholder, his/her spouse or child if they are 
missing for twelve (12) consecutive months and 
sufficient evidence is provided that leads us to the 
conclude that death was caused by an accident. 
However, if at any time after payment of 
compensation for such death the policyholder, 
his/her spouse or child is found to be living, such 
compensation shall be refunded to us. 
b) Exposure 
If the policyholder, his/her spouse or child suffers 
bodily injury resulting in death or disablement 
permanent disability as a result of exposure to the 
elements, we will consider such death or permanent 
disability as having been caused by an accident.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 20 of 29 
 
 
When and what we pay What we do not pay 
2. A maximum amount of S$5,000 per person in  
respect of reasonable and necessary medical, 
surgical, hospital, nursing home and nursing fees  
and charges recommended by a medical 
practitioner incurred by the policyholder, his/her 
spouse or child within twelve (12) months from the 
happening of an accident. 
Besides the general exclusions listed in part 9 of the 
general conditions, we will also not pay for the 
following. 
 
a. Medical expenses incurred to treat medical 
conditions not caused by an accident. 
 
Scale of compensation table 
 
Description % of sum insured 
1. Accidental death 100% 
2. Permanent total disability 100% 
3. Total and permanent loss of all sight in one or both 
eyes 
100% 
4. Total loss by physical severance or total and 
permanent loss of use of 
a) one or two limbs 
b) one or two hands 
c) arm above the elbow 
d) arm at or below the elbow 
e) leg above the knee 
f) leg at or below the knee 
100% 
5. Total and permanent loss of 
 
a) sight in one eye except perception of light or 
b) lens of one eye 
50% 
6.  Total loss by physical severance or total and 
permanent loss of use of 
 
a) thumb and four fingers of one hand 
b) four fingers of one hand 
c) thumb (two phalanges) 
d) thumb (one phalanx) 
e) index finger (three phalanges) 
f) index finger (two phalanges) 
g) index finger (one phalanx) 
h) middle finger (three phalanges) 
i) middle finger (two phalanges) 
j) middle finger (one phalanx) 
k) ring finger (three phalanges) 
l) ring finger (two phalanges) 
m) ring finger (one phalanx) 
n) little finger (three phalanges) 
o) little finger (two phalanges) 
p) little finger (one phalanx) 
q) all toes of one foot 
r) great toe (two phalanges) 
s) great toe (one phalanx) 
t) any other toe 
 
 
 
50% 
40% 
25% 
10% 
15% 
8% 
4% 
10% 
4% 
2% 
8% 
4% 
2% 
6% 
3% 
2% 
17% 
5% 
2% 
3%

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 21 of 29 
 
 
Description % of sum insured 
7. Total and permanent loss of 
 
a) hearing in two ears 
b) hearing in one ear 
c) speech 
 
 
75% 
15% 
50% 
8. Third-degree burns 
 
a) Head – damage as a percentage of total body 
surface area 
 
i) Equals to or greater than 2% but less than 5% 
ii) Equals to or greater than 5% but less than 8% 
 
Body – damage as a percentage of total body  
surface area equals to or greater than 10% but less 
than 15%. 
 
 
 
 
 
50% 
100% 
 
50% 
9. Any permanent disability not specified above other 
than loss of sense of taste or smell 
The percentage to be assessed by us as in the opinion of 
our advisers is not inconsistent with the percentages 
specified above and without regard to the policyholder 
or his/her spouse’s occupation.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 22 of 29 
 
 
Full and actual replacement cost of building, renovations, 
contents, valuables, collectible property and personal 
possessions. 
contents, valuables,  collectible property 
collectible property and - and personal 
personal possessions possessions cover 
cover shown in the schedule 
Sum insured of 
building, renovations 
,contents, valuables, 
Full and actual 
replacement cost of 
building, renovations, 
 
 
1. Insuring building, renovations, 
contents, valuables, collectible property 
and personal possessions for the correct 
amount 
 
The policyholder must insure the building, 
renovations, contents, valuables, collectible 
property and personal possessions for an amount 
that represents the full replacement value. 
 
(i) For building and renovations this is the 
estimated costs of rebuilding or reconstruction if 
the building and renovations were completely 
destroyed. This may not be the market value. 
 
(ii) For contents, valuables, collectible property and 
personal possessions this is the cost to replace 
the item on a like -for-like basis based on current 
market prices. 
 
If the policyholder does not insure the building, 
renovations, contents, valuables, collectible 
property and personal possessions for the right 
amount, we will consider that the policyholder has 
under-insured them. 
 
2. Under-insurance 
 
For under-insurance of buildings, renovations, 
contents, valuables, collectible property and 
personal possessions cover, the policyholder is 
responsible for a share of the loss or damage. We 
work out the percentage based on the difference 
between the sum insured as listed in the schedule 
and the total actual replacement cost of the building, 
renovations, contents, valuables collectible  
property or personal processions at the time of the 
loss or damage calculated as follows: 
 
For example 
 
Sum insured of building and renovations cover shown in 
the schedule: $200,000 
 
Sum insured of contents cover shown in the schedule: 
$10,000 
 
Full and actual replacement cost of building, renovations 
at the time of loss: $500,000 
 
Full and actual replacement cost of contents at the time 
of loss: $50,000 
 
The policyholder’s share of insurance for building and 
renovations is 60% ($300,000/$500,000) 
 
The policyholder’s share of insurance for contents is 80% 
($40,000/$50,000) 
 
If there is a loss of or damage to the building or 
renovations at $100,000 and to the contents at $18,000, 
the following will apply. 
 
The policyholder will be responsible for paying $60,000 
(60% of $100,000) to repair, replace or reinstate the 
building or renovations and $14,400 (80% of $18,000) to 
repair or replace the policyholder’s contents. We will pay 
$40,000 to repair, replace or reinstate the building or 
renovations and $3,600 to repair or replace the  
contents. 
 
This will not apply to contents, valuables, collectible 
property or personal possessions we have agreed to 
insure on agreed-value as shown in the schedule. 
 
3. Average relief (Waiver of 
under-insurance) 
 
If at the time of loss or damage under section 1 or 2, 
the sum insured under each respective section is at 
least 80% of the full and actual reinstatement or 
replacement cost, we will not consider the 
policyholder to be under-insuring the respective 
section: building, renovations, content, valuables, 
collectible property or personal possessions. 
 
4. Basis of claims settlement 
 
(a) For section 1 – Building: 
 
We will pay in accordance to the reinstatement value 
clause; subject to the special provisions below. The 
sum insured on building must represent the full 
rebuilding cost at the time of the loss or damage. If it 
does not, then payment will be made after a 
deduction of any wear, tear and depreciation. 
General conditions which 
apply to the whole policy

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 23 of 29 
 
 
Reinstatement value clause 
 
In the event of the building being destroyed or 
damaged, the basis upon which the amount payable 
under the policy is to be calculated, shall be the cost 
of replacing or reinstating on the same site, property 
of the same kind or type but not superior to or more 
extensive than the building when new, subject to the 
following special provisions and terms and conditions 
of the policy except insofar as the same may be 
varied hereby. 
 
Special provisions for Section 1 - Building 
 
1. The work of replacement or reinstatement 
(which may be carried out upon another site and 
in any manner suitable to the requirements of 
the policyholder; subject to our liability not  
being thereby increased) must start and be 
carried out with reasonable despatch and in any 
case must be completed within twelve (12) 
months after the destruction or damage or  
within such further time as we may (during the 
said 12 months) in writing allow; otherwise no 
payment beyond the amount which would have 
been payable under the policy. 
 
2. Until the policyholder has paid for the expenses 
incurred to replace or reinstate the part of the 
building that is destroyed or damaged, we shall 
not be liable for any payment in excess of the 
amount which would have been payable under 
the policy. 
 
3. We will not pay under section 1 if: 
 
- the policyholder fails to notify us within six 
(6) months from the date of destruction or 
damage, or such further time as we may in 
writing allow, the intention to replace to 
reinstate the building destroyed or  
damaged. 
 
- the policyholder is unable or unwilling to 
replace or reinstate the building destroyed 
or damaged on the same or another site. 
 
(b) For Section 2 – Home contents: 
 
We will settle claims subject to below conditions 
and special provisions. We will pay for: 
 
1. the cost of repair if the contents are partially 
damaged; 
2. the cost of replacement as new of the same 
or similar kind or type but not superior to or 
more extensive than the contents when new 
if an item is totally lost or destroyed. The 
policyholder will be required to contribute  
to the cost for any betterment of the item(s) 
being replaced; 
 
3. the claims after deducting for any wear, tear 
and depreciation in respect of wearing 
apparel, household linen, carpets, floor 
coverings, blinds, curtains and wallpapers. 
 
The sum insured on contents must 
represent the full value as new at the time of 
their loss or damage. If it does not, then 
payment will be made after deduction for 
any wear, tear and depreciation. 
 
Special provisions for Section 2 – Home 
Contents 
 
1. We will pay the claim subject to the  
following sub-limits: 
 
 
- Up to a maximum amount of S$3,000 for 
mirrors and glass (replacement value); 
for any one period of insurance. 
 
- Up to a maximum amount of S$1,500 for 
title deeds/legal documents and their 
cost of replacement or preparation for 
any one period of insurance. 
 
- Up to 15% of the total sum insured on 
contents (except furniture, pianos, 
household appliances, wireless  
electronic devices and television sets  
and organs), unless such article is 
specially declared as a separate item. 
 
- Up to 1/3 of the total sum insured on 
contents for both valuables and 
collectible property unless specially 
agreed herein. 
 
2. Where any content consists of articles in a 
pair or set, we shall not pay more than the 
value of any particular part or parts which 
may be lost or damaged, without reference 
to any special value which the articles may 
have as part of such pair or set, nor more 
than a proportionate part of the sum 
insured of the pair or set.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 24 of 29 
 
 
(c) For Section 3 – Valuables and Personal 
Possessions: 
 
We will pay up to the sum insured or any lower 
limit applying: 
 
1. Unspecified valuables and personal 
possessions; and 
2. to any item referred to in specified valuables 
and personal possessions for each item in 
the schedule. 
 
We will pay for: 
 
a. the cost of repair if the personal 
possessions is partially damaged; and 
 
b. the cost of replacement as new of the 
same or similar kind or type but not 
superior to or more extensive than the 
personal possessions when new if an 
item is totally lost or destroyed. 
 
The policyholder will be required to contribute to  
the cost for any betterment of the item(s) being 
replaced. 
 
Special provisions for Section 3 – Valuables 
and Personable Possession 
 
Where any valuables or personal possessions 
consists of articles in a pair or set, we shall pay no 
more than the value of any particular part or parts 
which may be lost or damaged; without reference to 
any special value which the articles may have as part 
of such pair or set, nor more than a proportionate 
part of the sum insured of the pair or set. 
 
5. Paying an extra premium to reinstate 
sum insured after loss or damage 
 
If there is a claim for loss or damage under section 1, 
2 or 3, we will reduce the maximum sum insured for 
each section by the actual amount of the claim that 
we pay. We will put these limits back to the original 
sum insured as shown in the schedule upon the next 
policy renewal or, the policyholder may ask us to 
reinstate the sum insured for the current policy year 
by paying an extra premium but this will depend on 
whether we accept the request. 
 
For example 
 
Start date of Insurance: 1 January 2015 
End date of Insurance: 31 December 2015 
 
Benefit limits of building cover shown in the 
schedule: $200,000 
Benefit limits of contents cover shown in the 
schedule: $30,000 
 
If there is a loss of or damage to the building at 
$100,000 and to the contents at $20,000, we will 
reduce the sum insured for the year ending 31 
December 2015 to the following. 
 
Building: $100,000 
Contents: $10,000 
 
The policyholder may reinstate the sum insured by 
paying an extra premium for the rest of the policy 
period ending on 31 December 2015. 
 
We will automatically reinstate the sum insured to 
the original amount from 1 January 2016 when the 
policy is renewed. 
 
For specified personal possessions as shown in the 
schedule, we will not automatically reinstate the  
sum insured for any items lost or destroyed unless 
we receive instructions from the policyholder and 
he/she pays the additional premium as advised by  
us. 
 
6. Geographical limits 
 
For section 1 – buildings and renovations and 
section 2 – home contents, the cover is provided 
when there is accidental loss or damage to/at the 
premises with the exception of the following benefits 
where we will cover the loss or damage within the 
following geographical limits: 
 
• Section 2(2) – Within Singapore, Malaysia or 
Brunei. 
• Section 2 (8), 2(15) and 2(17) – Within Singapore. 
• Section 2 (12), 2 (14), 2(16) and 2 (22) – 
Worldwide. 
 
For section 3 – the cover provided by this section 
applies within the geographical limits shown in the 
schedule. 
 
For sections 4 and 5 the cover is provided on a 
worldwide basis. 
 
7. Valuations of contents, collectible 
property and valuables 
 
When an item described in the schedule shows 
‘valuation produced’ this means that the amount 
shown is accepted by the policyholder, and by us, as 
being the true value of the item as at the date of 
valuation. In the event of accidental loss or damage 
this will be used as the basis of settlement.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 25 of 29 
 
 
8. Appraisement clause 
 
For section 1, if the aggregate claim for any one loss 
destruction or damage does not exceed S$10,000 or 
5% of the sum insured of each section, whichever is 
the lesser amount, no special inventory or 
appraisement of the undamaged building shall be 
required. 
 
9. General exclusions 
 
This policy does not cover claims directly or indirectly 
caused by or arising from: 
 
(a) Radioactive contamination 
 
(i) Ionising radiations or contamination by 
radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from 
any nuclear waste from the combustion of 
nuclear fuel. 
 
(ii) The radioactive, toxic, explosive or other 
hazardous properties of any explosive 
nuclear assembly or component. 
 
(b) War risks 
 
(i) War, invasion, act of foreign enemy, 
hostilities, warlike operations (whether war 
be declared or not) or civil war. 
 
(ii) Mutiny, civil commotion assuming the 
proportions of or amounting to a popular 
rising, military rising, insurrection, rebellion, 
revolution, military or usurped power. 
 
(iii) Confiscation, detention, nationalism, 
requisition, wilful destruction by the 
government or public authority. 
 
(c) Sonic bangs 
 
Pressure waves caused by aircraft and other 
aerial devices travelling at sonic or supersonic 
speeds. 
 
(d) Consequential loss 
 
Consequential loss or damage of any kind or 
description. 
 
(e) eRISK exposure 
 
Any cause whatsoever, regardless of any other 
contributing cause or event whenever it may 
occur; resulting in: 
(i) total or partial destruction, distortion, 
erasure, corruption, alteration, 
misinterpretation or misappropriation of 
electronic data; 
 
(ii) error in creating, amending, entering, 
deleting or using electronic data; or 
 
(iii) total or partial inability or failure to receive, 
send, access or use electronic data for any 
time or at all. 
 
In the event that an accident is caused by any of 
the matters described in paragraph i – iii above, 
this policy, subject to all its provisions, will  
insure: 
 
(i) physical loss of or damage or destruction to 
items insured caused directly by such 
accident, and/or 
 
(ii) consequential loss insured by this policy. 
 
(f) Terrorism 
 
(i) Any act of terrorism regardless of any other 
cause or event contributing concurrently or 
in any other sequence to the loss. 
 
(ii) Loss, damage, cost or expense of  
whatsoever nature directly or indirectly 
caused by, resulting from or in connection 
with any action taken in controlling, 
preventing, suppressing or in any way 
relating to any act of terrorism. 
 
(g) Other exclusions 
 
(i) any loss or damage through deliberate or 
malicious acts by anyone legally allowed to 
be in the premises; 
 
(ii) any loss due to the policyholder’s or his/her 
family member’s deliberate, malicious, 
unlawful or criminal act or failure to act; 
 
(iii) the effect or influence of alcohol or drugs; 
 
(iv) claims for wear and tear (this includes 
scratches, discolouration, rust, corrosion, 
stains, tears, or dents to the surface of the 
item which does not affect how it works). 
 
(v) loss or damage arising from lapses by any 
equipment or service provider (e.g. 
telecommunications, electricity, bank etc.) 
for the premises that affects multiple 
households including the policyholder’s;

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 26 of 29 
 
 
(vi) cyber-attacks to the smart devices, e.g. 
laptops, phones, tablets, smart tvs, smart 
fridges etc. (This does not apply to theft 
specifically targeting the policyholder’s 
premises by hacking the smart lock). 
 
If we refuse to pay a claim as a result of any of the 
exclusions listed above and the policyholder 
disagrees with our decision, the policyholder is 
responsible for proving that we are legally 
responsible for the claim. If any part of any exclusion 
is found not to be valid or we cannot enforce it, it  
will not affect the rest of the exclusions. 
 
10. Changing the plan 
 
The policyholder may notify us or the intermediary  
of any change in the plan or sum insured . We will 
inform the policyholder on any additional premium 
and when the changes will take place. 
 
11. Premium 
 
a. The premium that the policyholder pays for this 
policy may change. If we change the premium for  
this policy, we will write to the policyholder at the 
last-known address, at least 30 days before the 
change is to take place, to tell the policyholder what 
the new premium is. 
 
b. Premium due dates 
 
(i) The premium is due on or before the start of this 
policy and if this policy is renewed, the start  
date of the next policy year. 
 
c. Recurring premium payment 
 
(i) The policyholder may pay the premium due for 
this policy using the recurring payment 
arrangement chosen. 
 
(ii) Before the premium due date, we will charge the 
premium to a credit card or take the premium by 
GIRO from a bank account the policyholder has 
chosen. 
 
(iii) The policyholder may change the chosen 
payment arrangement by calling us or writing to 
us at least 21 days before the end of the policy 
year. The change will take effect from the start 
date of next policy year. 
 
12. Payment before cover warranty 
 
We (or our intermediary) must receive the premium 
due on or before: 
 
a. the start of this policy; 
b. the start date of next policy year, if this policy is 
renewed; and 
 
If we or the intermediary do not receive the  
premium due on the dates as described above, this 
policy will not be valid or renewed and we will not 
pay any benefits 
 
13. Premium payment condition precedent 
(for new policies only) 
 
The validity of this policy is subject to the following 
condition: 
a. For the risk insured, the policyholder has never 
had any insurance terminated in the last twelve 
(12) months due solely or in part to a breach of 
any premium payment condition; or 
 
b. If the policyholder has declared that it has 
breached any premium payment condition in 
respect of a previous policy taken up with 
another insurer in the last twelve (12) months: 
 
(i) the policyholder has fully paid all  
outstanding premium for time on risk 
calculated by the previous insurer based on 
the customary short period rate in respect of 
the previous policy; and 
 
(ii) a copy of the written confirmation from the 
previous insurer to this effect is first  
provided by the policyholder to us before 
cover incepts. 
 
14. Claim conditions 
 
a. The policyholder must tell us as soon as possible,  
and in any case within 30 days, about any loss or 
damage which may give rise to a claim under this 
policy. We have the right to reject the claim if the 
policyholder tells us later than 30 days from the date 
of loss or damage. 
 
b. If the policyholder can recover all or part of any 
expenses from other sources, we will only pay the 
policyholder the amount that cannot be recovered. 
 
c. We pay all claims in Singapore dollars. If the 
policyholder suffers a loss which is in a foreign 
currency, we will convert the amount into Singapore 
dollars at the exchange rate which we will decide on 
the date of the loss. 
 
d. The policyholder must forward every writ, summons, 
legal process or other communications in connection 
with the claim to us immediately upon receipt. 
 
e. The policyholder must notify the police as soon as 
reasonably possible of

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 27 of 29 
 
 
- the fact that any insured item has been lost or 
stolen outside the premises, 
- loss or damage caused by theft. 
 
f. The policyholder must not admit liability or make an 
offer or promise of payment without our written 
consent. 
 
Any other person entitled to claim the benefit of this 
policy must also observe its term and conditions. 
 
15. What to provide when sending us the 
claim 
 
The policyholder and his/her legal personal 
representatives must supply all information, reports, 
original invoices and receipts, evidence, medical 
certificates, documents (such as translation of a 
foreign-language document into the English 
language), confirmed by oath if necessary. We may 
need these before we assess the claim. We will not 
refund any expense which the policyholder cannot 
provide original receipts or invoices for. 
 
16. Fraud 
 
The policyholder must not act in a fraudulent way. 
We will take the action shown below if the 
policyholder or anyone acting for his/her behalf 
 
a. makes a claim under this policy knowing the 
claim to be false or fraudulently exaggerated in 
any way; 
b. makes a statement to support a claim knowing 
the statement to be false in any way; 
c. sends us a document to support a claim knowing 
the document to be forged or false in any way;  
or 
d. makes a claim for any loss or damage caused by 
the policyholder’s deliberate act or with his/her 
knowledge. 
 
We may do any or all of the following. 
 
a. We will not pay the claim. 
b. We will not pay any other claim which has been 
or will be made under this policy. 
c. We may declare this policy invalid. 
d. We can recover from the policyholder the 
amount of any claim we have already paid under 
this policy. 
e. We will not refund the premium. 
f. We may not allow the policyholder to buy other 
policies from us. 
g. We may report the policyholder to the police. 
h. We may cancel this policy. 
17. Misrepresentation 
 
We will treat this policy as void if the policyholder 
misrepresents any information which may affect our 
decision to accept the application. 
 
18. Reasonable care 
 
The policyholder, his/her spouse, family members 
and anyone living in the premises must take all 
reasonable precautions to properly maintain the 
building, renovations, contents and personal 
possessions to avoid any loss or damage and take all 
practical steps to minimise all claims. 
 
19. Taking over the rights 
 
We can take over any rights to defend or settle any 
claim and to take proceedings in the policyholder’s 
name to enforce the policyholder’s or our rights 
against any other person. 
 
20. Other insurance 
 
If at the time of any incident which results in a claim 
under this policy, the policyholder has other 
insurance covering the same loss, we will not pay 
more than our share. 
 
If the premises are insured by any management 
corporation strata title (MCST) or HDB town council, 
the policyholder must first send a claim to them for 
any loss or damage. We will only pay if the: 
 
a. loss or damage is not covered by the insurance 
taken out by the management corporation strata 
title (MCST) or HDB town council; or 
b. the loss or damage is more than the limits of 
insurance taken out by the management 
corporation strata title (MCST) or HDB town 
council. 
 
21. Paying benefits 
 
We will pay the benefits listed in this policy only if 
the policyholder has: 
a. met general condition 12– Payment before cover 
warranty; and 
b. given us satisfactory proof of the claim.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 28 of 29 
 
 
Period of Insurance 
(in days) still left to run 
X premium paid 
Original period of 
insurance of this policy 
22. Cancellation & refund 
 
a. For policy cancellation, we will not refund any 
premium for the same period if a claim has been 
made under the period of insurance. 
 
b. If we cancel this policy 
 
(i) We can cancel this policy by giving the 
policyholder seven days’ notice by post to 
the last -known address. We will consider 
that the policyholder has received this 
cancellation notice on the same day if we 
deliver the notice by hand, mail, fax or email. 
 
(ii) If the policy is on recurring payment 
arrangement and we do not receive the 
premium due or we are not successful in 
taking the premium from the credit card or 
GIRO account the policyholder has chosen, 
we will cancel this policy on the date the 
premium is due. 
 
If we cancel this policy because the premium 
has not been paid, the policyholder may 
apply for a new policy. However, the 
application will depend on us accepting it. 
 
c. If the policyholder cancels the policy 
 
(i) The policyholder may cancel this policy by 
calling us or writing to us and cancellation 
will apply from the date we receive the 
notice of cancellation. 
 
• For cancellation after the 14-day 
free-look period (under general 
condition 23), we will work out and 
refund the premium as follows if 
the policyholder has not made a 
claim under this policy. 
 
 
(ii) The minimum policy premium is $109.00 
(after GST)  if no claim has been paid under 
this policy. 
 
- If the premium due to us calculated 
from the start date of the policy to the 
date of cancellation of the policy is 
$109.00 (after GST)  or more we will 
provide a refund on the premium paid 
for the period of insurance on a pro-rata 
basis as shown in the table above. 
- If the premium due to us calculated 
from the start date of the policy to the 
date of cancellation of the policy is less 
than $109.00 (after GST) , a minimum 
premium of $109.00 (after GST)  shall 
apply. 
 
If we refund premiums, we will do so to the 
policyholder. 
 
23. Free-look period 
 
We will give the policyholder 14 days from the time 
the policyholder receives this policy to decide 
whether to continue with it. If the policyholder does 
not want to continue, the policyholder may call us or 
write to us to cancel this policy and get a full refund 
of the premium paid as long as there has been no 
claim made under this policy. We consider that this 
policy has been delivered (and received) seven days 
after we post it. This condition does not apply to 
policies with a period of insurance of less than a year 
and policy renewals. 
 
24. Ending this policy 
 
This policy will end immediately when: 
a. we cancel this policy under general conditions  
12 – Payment before cover, 22(a) – Cancellation 
or refund or 16- Fraud; 
b. the policyholder cancels this policy under 
general condition 22(b); 
c. the policyholder no longer meets any of the 
eligibility requirements set; 
d. before entering into this policy, the policyholder 
fails to reveal all facts either party knows or 
ought to know which may affect this policy; or 
e. we do not renew this policy. 
 
25. Governing law 
 
Singapore law will apply to this policy. 
 
26. Excluding third-party rights 
 
A person or company who is not covered by this 
policy has no right under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce this policy. 
 
27. Currency and interest 
 
All dollar amounts shown in this policy and schedule 
are in Singapore dollars (S$). We will not add interest 
to any amount we pay.

PL/Marsh HomeSecure/202207C/N01 Page 29 of 29 
 
 
 
Our promise 
28. Dealing with disputes 
 
If the policyholder is not satisfied with our final 
decision on the claim, the policyholder may refer the 
case to the Financial Industry Disputes Resolution 
Centre Ltd (FIDR EC), an independent and impartial 
institution specializing in solving disputes between 
financial institutions and consumers. Their website 
address is: www.fidrec.com.sg 
 
29. Prohibited persons 
 
If the policyholder or any relevant person is found to 
be a prohibited person: 
- we are entitled not to accept the policyholder 
application; and 
- if any policy is issued, we are entitled to end the 
policy, not pay any benefit or not allow any 
transaction to be carried out under the policy. We 
will not refund any unutilised premium when the 
policy is ended. 
 
Our decision in every respect of the above will be 
final. 
 
The policyholder will need to inform us immediately 
if there is any change in any relevant person’s 
identity, status or identity documents. 
 
30. Arbitration clause 
 
Should any difference arise between the  
policyholder and us as to the terms of this policy, the 
same shall be referred to arbitration in accordance 
with the Arbitration Act (Chapter 10) in force in the 
Republic of Singapore and the obtaining of an award 
by the policyholder shall be condition precedent to 
any liability to us under this policy. 
31. Feedback procedure 
 
The information below is not legally binding and is 
just for the policyholder’s information. 
 
Making yourself heard 
We are committed to providing the policyholder 
with an exceptional level of service and customer 
care. 
We realise that things can go wrong and there may  
be times when the policyholder feels that we have 
not provided the service as expected. When this 
happens, we want to hear about it so that we can try 
to put things right. 
 
Please send the feedback to: 
homesecure@income.com.sg 
 
 
We will: 
• Acknowledge the complaint promptly; 
• investigate quickly and thoroughly; 
• keep the policyholder informed of our progress; and 
• do everything possible to deal with the complaint. 
 
Complimentary Emergency Home 
Assistance 
 
For the policyholder’s convenience, we have arranged 
with an emergency home assistance provider to assist in 
the searching for suitable repairer(s) to provide repair 
services if there is an accident at the premises; subject to 
the terms and conditions of the complimentary 
emergency home assistance service as set out at 
www.income.com.sg/homesecure-eha. This does not 
form part of the policy and we reserve the right to 
terminate or change this complimentary service at any 
time by giving the policyholder advance notice. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Policy Owners' Protection Scheme 
This policy is protected under the Policy Owners' Protection Scheme which is administered by the Singapore Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your policy is automatic and no further action is required from you. For 
more information on the types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of coverage,  
where applicable, please contact Income Insurance or visit the GIA/LIA or SDIC web -sites (www.gia.org.sg or 
www.lia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg).